When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    I would use a remote repository whenever I'm sharing my work or collaborating
    with others. Also, if I'm working from different machines I would consider
    using a remote repository.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    In cases where there are commits on the local that are not on remote a pull
    would over-write the local commits. This is very likely to occur when there
    are multiple collaborators sharing the repository. Hence, I would always want
    to pull changes manually.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    A clone creates a copy of a repository either from a remote to a local or from
    a local to a local. A fork is a special kind clone that creates a copy of a 
    repository existing on GitHub into a cloned repository on GitHub itself. A 
    branch is created only within the repository itself, whether local or remote.
    Once a branch is created it can be pushed/pulled between local and remotes.

    When there is an existing public repository on GitHub under someone else's
    account that I would like to use and modify I would create a fork of that 
    repository into my account. After the fork is created I would clone it into my
    local machine. Thereafter, I would create branches if and when required on the 
    local. I could also share the repository with collaborators and they could create
    a branch on the remote if and when required.


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Fill in your answer here

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
