How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    By viewing the set of differences between the two versions of the source 
    file I was able to quickly compare and analyze each change thereby helping 
    me to zero down on the root cause of the bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It would enable me to quickly lookup any version of a file ever since it
    was first created right down to the current version and also do quick
    version comparisions to discover the differences. Moreover, I would not 
    have to rename the file each time I wanted to save a version.  

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: Since we know our code we can be the best judge of the logical points
    and change sizes when commits make the most sense.
    Cons: While we focus on the coding, we might forget to commit at the 
    appropriate points. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Since Git is designed for source code version control, it is vital to allow
    saving multiple/all files in the project in a single commit.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log shows the entire trace of all commits made in the repository with 
    info on date-time, author, comments and commit id. 

    git diff enables me to see the changes made between two commits

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Using version control enables me to view any previous version and I can 
    traverse the log to determine in which exact version the bug got introduced. 
    Moreover, I can compare the buggy version to a prior working version to see
    exactly which changes caused the bug.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I would like to create a new Git repository and add my projects into it.

